Reworked installation instructions (#1949)
ManimCommunity/manim: docs/source/installation/linux.rst

Linux
=====

The installation instructions depend on your particular operating

> system and package manager. In case you know exactly what you are doing,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
system and package manager. If you happen to know exactly what you are doing,
```

you can also simply ensure that your system has:

- a reasonably recent version of Python 3 (3.7 or above),
- with working Cairo bindings in the form of 
  `pycairo <https://cairographics.org/pycairo/>`__,
- FFmpeg accessible from the command line as ``ffmpeg``,
- and `Pango <https://pango.gnome.org>`__ headers.

Then, installing Manim is just a matter of running:

.. code-block:: bash

   pip3 install manim

.. note::

   In light of the current efforts of migrating to rendering via OpenGL,
   this list might be incomplete. Please `let us know 
   <https://github.com/ManimCommunity/manim/issues/new/choose>` if you
   ran into missing dependencies while installing.
   
In any case, we have also compiled instructions for several common

> combinations of operating systems and package managers, see below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
combinations of operating systems and package managers below.
```

Required Dependencies
---------------------

apt – Ubuntu / Mint / Debian
****************************

To first update your sources, and then install Cairo, Pango, and FFmpeg
simply run:

.. code-block:: bash

   sudo apt update 
   sudo apt install libcairo2-dev libpango1.0-dev ffmpeg

If you don't have python3-pip installed, install it via:

.. code-block:: bash
   
   sudo apt install python3-pip

> Then, in order to install Manim, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, to install Manim, run:
```
I think this is more concise.

.. code-block:: bash

   pip3 install manim

Continue by reading the :ref:`optional dependencies <linux-optional-dependencies>`
section.

dnf – Fedora / CentOS / RHEL
****************************

To install Cairo and Pango:

.. code-block:: bash

  sudo dnf install cairo-devel pango-devel

In order to successfully build the ``pycairo`` wheel, you will also
need the Python development headers:

.. code-block:: bash

   sudo dnf install python3-devel

FFmpeg is only available via the RPMfusion repository which you have to

> configure first, please consult https://rpmfusion.org/Configuration/ for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configure first - please consult https://rpmfusion.org/Configuration/ for
```

Continue by reading the :ref:`optional dependencies <linux-optional-dependencies>`
section.

pacman – Arch / Manjaro
***********************

.. tip::

   Thanks to *groctel*, there is a `dedicated Manim package 
   on the AUR! <https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/manim/>`

If you don't want to use the packaged version from AUR, here is what
you need to do manually: Update your package sources, then install 
Cairo, Pango, and FFmpeg:

.. code-block:: bash

   sudo pacman -Syu
   sudo pacman -S cairo pango ffmpeg

If you don't have ``python-pip`` installed, get it by running:

.. code-block:: bash
   
   sudo pacman -S python-pip

then simply install Manim via:

.. code-block:: bash

   pip3 install manim

Continue by reading the :ref:`optional dependencies <linux-optional-dependencies>`
section.

.. _linux-optional-dependencies:

Optional Dependencies
---------------------

In order to make use of Manim's interface to LaTeX for, e.g., rendering
equations, LaTeX has to be installed as well. Note that this is an optional
dependency: if you don't intend to use LaTeX, you don't have to install it.

You can use whichever LaTeX distribution you like or whichever is easiest

> available via your package manager. Usually, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to install with your package manager. Usually, 
```
